# packages in environment at /opt/anaconda3/envs/r-phylo-4.0.3:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.36.0               he69c4ee_4    conda-forge
bioconductor-ggtree       2.4.0                     r40_0    bioconda
bioconductor-treeio       1.14.0                    r40_0    bioconda
boost-cpp                 1.74.0               h43a636a_2    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               h694c41f_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hc929b4f_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.1               h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.12.5            h033912b_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h4ec454a_1007    conda-forge
cctools_osx-64            949.0.1             h6407bdd_20    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
cfitsio                   3.470                h01dc385_7    conda-forge
clang                     11.1.0               h694c41f_0    conda-forge
clang-11                  11.1.0          default_he082bbe_0    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              11.1.0               hb91bd55_0    conda-forge
clangxx                   11.1.0          default_he082bbe_0    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-64            11.1.0               h7e1b574_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt               11.1.0               h654b07c_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt_osx-64        11.1.0               h8c5fa43_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.75.0               h06286d4_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.10               h1c7c35f_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.9           nompi_h02cd531_101    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      2.001                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.030                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            hd23ceaa_1004    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h4cff582_1    conda-forge
freexl                    1.0.6                h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
gblocks                   0.91b                h527b516_2    bioconda
gdal                      3.1.4            py39he2ad08d_6    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.2               h976c81d_2    conda-forge
geos                      3.9.0                h046ec9c_0    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.6.0                h4fce3c3_4    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h7937167_1005    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_osx-64      9.3.0               h9cc0e5e_19    conda-forge
gfortran_osx-64           9.3.0               h18f7dce_13    conda-forge
ghostscript               9.53.3               h2e338ed_2    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                hbcb3906_2    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h2e338ed_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h2e338ed_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.46.1               he69fd5d_4    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  h71c5fe9_2    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h55c0dba_0    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                hccb3bdf_2    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.7.4                hf28d55f_0    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            h71d84a9_1004    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.6          nompi_hc5d9132_1114    conda-forge
icu                       68.1                 h74dc148_0    conda-forge
imagemagick               7.0.11_3        pl5320h77e39ac_0    conda-forge
isl                       0.22.1               hb1e8313_2    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h0d85af4_2002    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
json-c                    0.15                 hcb556a6_0    conda-forge
kealib                    1.4.14               h31dd65d_2    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.2               h60d9502_0    conda-forge
ld64_osx-64               530                 he8994da_20    conda-forge
ldid                      2.1.2                h7660a38_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                8_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                8_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp11.1          11.1.0          default_he082bbe_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.75.0               h8ef9fac_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    11.1.0               habf9029_0    conda-forge
libdap4                   3.20.6               h75eb3ff_1    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h046ec9c_2    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.0                h55673e3_1    conda-forge
libgdal                   3.1.4                h55c8954_6    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           9_3_0_h6c81a4c_19    conda-forge
libgfortran-devel_osx-64  9.3.0               h6c81a4c_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h6c81a4c_19    conda-forge
libgit2                   1.1.0                h4c33b7d_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.66.7               hd556434_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
libkml                    1.3.0             h3dc3bee_1012    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                8_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.1.0               hd011deb_0    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.7.4           nompi_h9d8a93f_107    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h07e645a_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.12          openmp_h54245bb_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h7cec526_2    conda-forge
libpq                     13.1                 h052a64a_2    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.50.3               hd4300c0_1    conda-forge
librttopo                 1.1.0                h0cd80a5_5    conda-forge
libspatialite             5.0.1                h13d66ba_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                h52ee1ee_6    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                h355d032_0    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h2e338ed_1007    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.0                h1648767_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.0                hbcf498f_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h35c211d_1003    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               h802ca4f_3    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               11.0.1               h7c73e74_0    conda-forge
llvm-tools                11.1.0               hd011deb_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h046ec9c_0    conda-forge
mafft                     7.475                h0b31af3_0    bioconda
make                      4.3                  h22f3db7_1    conda-forge
mpc                       1.1.0             ha57cd0f_1009    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.0.2                h72d8aaf_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h2e338ed_4    conda-forge
numpy                     1.20.1           py39h3c955ea_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6cbf5cd_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1k               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               ha86e081_5    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 hb1e8313_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.36                h5cf9962_1    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.0               hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h31203cd_1008    conda-forge
poppler                   0.89.0               hd735947_5    conda-forge
poppler-data              0.4.10                        0    conda-forge
postgresql                13.1                 ha63e576_2    conda-forge
proj                      7.2.0                h78d1473_2    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
python                    3.9.2           h2502468_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      1_cp39    conda-forge
r-ape                     5.4_1             r40hdfb1349_0    conda-forge
r-aplot                   0.0.6             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r40h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.2.1             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.3                hc5a05b9_6    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r40h17f1fa6_1004    conda-forge
r-biocmanager             1.30.10           r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-brew                    1.0_6           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.1             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.4             r40hf6ff476_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.5.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_18            r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-classint                0.4_3             r40h43cf36c_2    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.3.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_18            r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.0_0             r40h6b199c2_0    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.7             r40h17f1fa6_1002    conda-forge
r-covr                    3.5.1             r40h710217c_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.4.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-credentials             1.3.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.1.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3               r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.3.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-devtools                2.3.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.3             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.27            r40h342fd00_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.0.5             r40h9951f98_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.17              r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-e1071                   1.7_4             r40h342fd00_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.1             r40h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.2             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.0             r40h9951f98_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.0             r40h815b84a_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.5.0             r40h710217c_0    conda-forge
r-gdalutils               2.0.3.2           r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gert                    1.2.0             r40h8f67e68_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.3             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gh                      1.2.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-git2r                   0.28.0            r40h4eca85e_0    conda-forge
r-gitcreds                0.1.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.2             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.1.1           r40h815b84a_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.3             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ini                     0.3.1           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.4             r40h9951f98_0    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.13            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.7.2             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_18           r40h983bced_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.31              r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-later                   1.1.0.1           r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r40h066c5db_3    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r40h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-magick                  2.6.0             r40h815b84a_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.1             r40h066c5db_1    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r40h066c5db_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_53.1          r40hf6ff476_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.3_2             r40h9a4b173_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_34            r40h9a4b173_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.10              r40hf6ff476_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_152           r40h59bb11e_0    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.3             r40ha713f70_0    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.1.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.5.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.2.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.2.0             r40h4efb63e_0    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r40h6115d3f_1004    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.5             r40he27d7ee_0    conda-forge
r-promises                1.2.0.1           r40h4efb63e_0    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.6.0             r40h28b5c78_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r40h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.24.0            r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.10.1            r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r40hf6ff476_0    conda-forge
r-raster                  3.4_5             r40h7d45411_0    conda-forge
r-rcmdcheck               1.3.3             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.6             r40h815b84a_0    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-remotes                 2.2.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rex                     1.2.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rgdal                   1.5_16            r40h5553208_2    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.10            r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-roxygen2                7.1.1             r40hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.2             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.13              r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rvcheck                 0.1.8             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rversions               2.0.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-sessioninfo             1.1.1           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-sf                      0.9_7             r40ha65de02_1    conda-forge
r-sp                      1.4_5             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.5.3             r40h9aeca8d_1    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4               r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.0.2             r40h4efb63e_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.1.0             r40h28b5c78_1    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.1.3             r40h9951f98_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tidytree                0.3.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-units                   0.7_0             r40h9951f98_0    conda-forge
r-usethis                 2.0.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r40h17f1fa6_1003    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.3.6             r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.2.5             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4               r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.4.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.20              r40h066c5db_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r40hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-xopen                   1.0.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r40h066c5db_1    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-zip                     2.1.1             r40h800e0f2_0    conda-forge
raxml                     8.2.12               hb4d813b_3    bioconda
readline                  8.0                  h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py39h6e9494a_3    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.34.0               h17101e1_0    conda-forge
tapi                      1100.0.11            h9ce4665_0    conda-forge
tiledb                    2.2.4                hddf8d7a_2    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               h0419947_1    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h49f0cf7_3    conda-forge
tzcode                    2021a                h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021a                he74cb21_0    conda-forge
udunits2                  2.2.27.27            h9371bac_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.3                hd3a8c1e_2    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h35c211d_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h0d85af4_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.0                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h0d85af4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h0d85af4_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h35c211d_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h35c211d_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h7795811_1010    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.9                h582d3a0_0    conda-forge